rhasta me over I think that would be
really good time to talk to him
I guess so I'm just really nervous okay
well keep in mind that by the time
you're done they'll probably be starving
dinner
still nervous
I want to get those on you hey Rach yeah
do you mind if I sit here first sure
yeah
so I I kind of need to talk to you about
Charlie
yeah okay last night after you guys
broke up so sorry to hear about that by
the way well Charlie and I were talking
and
well
you kissed what would give you that idea
I saw yeah yeah we kissed nothing else
nothing else happened okay
it's okay what it's okay
I totally understand now right you guys
make way more sense than her and I ever
did you know and I want you to be happy
please series
now I have some time speechless
I mean the fact that you would put my
happiness first like that I mean you're
an incredible friend do you know that
look before you know I I mean it I mean
you are so you're so loyal man and and
selfless and generous I am those things
yeah you know Chandler longer so I
always think of him as my best friend
but now
I'm have to rethink some stuff
hey if there is ever anything I can do
for you
I can't think of anything
so you uh so you talked to Joey oh yeah
we have a really good talk oh it's great
- oh so everything's okay oh no it's
great
oh great it's an amazing guy oh well
obviously I think so too
well I'm so excited about this really
excited are you kidding I have had some
very dirty dreams about this excuse me
you didn't tell him did you
I couldn't he was saying all these
really nice things about me
I didn't want him to get mad and take
them all back oh forget it when we go
back to New York I will tell him thank
you yeah I appreciate that
[Music]